Long time no see
I got up so big
Sister Nanfeng, what are you doing here?
This young master will come if he wants. Do you still need to inform you?
Besides, if I don't come
How do you know that you are with
Other men are flirting here
Young Master Jing hasn't introduced it yet. This is
She's my fiancee.
When did Jing Shao have a fiancée?
I see.
It's this woman who is stalking and stalking Jing Shao
Only then did Young Master Jing agree to marry him
What's the situation with Huo Qiao?
They must be in love with the same woman, right?
What's wrong with you if you can see the scenery?
Young Master Jing seems less charming than himself
I warn you to stay away from him
Qianqian, the eldest young master of the Huo family just now
It looks exactly like your first love
This is too coincidental
Since you have passed through
I'm not surprised if anything happens again.
That's right, Qianqian
When you broke up with your first love
Don't you miss him?
Why don't you renew your relationship with him?
It was a long time ago.
I don't like it either.
Would you like to try riding these horses?
It's all carefully selected by me
I can teach you if you want to try it
If you want it, my friend really wants to try it.
Cher, I actually don't want to be forbidden to go with him
Qianqian
I want you to promise me never to fall in love with Nanjing
Why should I listen to you?